Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
U.S. + International Business 10 best states for retirees World Davos Access Companies Car News America's Choice 2016 Super Bowl Who is..? The Feed
CNNMoney Investigates Your Money, Your Vote American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Interactives Markets U.S. has lost 5 million manufacturing jobs
since 2000 Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets America’s Debt & the Economy
Investing Guide The Open Stockswatch Fear & Greed Tech 'It was my mistake to sell': Dropcam founder Innovate Gadget Connect Cyber-Safe CES Powering
Your World 2020 Visionaries Elon. Evolution Best In Tech Innovative Cities Upstarts Superhero Hackers 15 Questions With Love Inc. Sex, Drugs & Silicon
Valley Media Personal Finance A universal retirement plan could be coming to California Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials &
Money Your Money Homes Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Small Biz This truck brings 3D printers to low-income
schools Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Luxury Cool cars from the New York Auto Show Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A
Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out Amazon sues exec who jumped to Target by Chris Isidore   @CNNMoney March 23, 2016: 11:32 AM ET
Watch Amazon's latest drone demo Amazon is suing an executive who recently left the company to go to work for Target, charging that his move violates
his contract's non-compete clause. The executive, Arthur Valdez, had been vice president of operations for Amazon (AMZN, Tech30), overseeing its
supply chain and logistics operations. He is scheduled to start his new job as chief supply chain and logistics officer at Target (TGT) on Monday,
March 28. Target actually issued a press release trumpeting the fact that it hired Valdez late last month. Related: Amazon wants to replace passwords
with selfies "Target's growth hinges on our ability to enhance the fundamental aspects of our business, starting with our supply chain," Target chief
operating officer John Mulligan said. "Arthur's leadership and experience will be a tremendous asset." The suit says that Valdez has been involved
with Amazon's plans through 2019, including its one-hour delivery service, its move into grocery sales and its robotics efforts. "This information is
deeply proprietary and is directly used when shaping Amazon's competition against Target," said the suit. The suit asks the court to block him from
going to Target for at least 18 months, and that he return any documents and files he might have taken with him when he left Amazon. Related: Target
wants your unwanted gift cards Valdez earned more than $1 million a year at Amazon, according to the suit, which should ensure that he isn't "subject
to undue hardship" by the 18-month non-compete clause he agreed to. The suit, which was filed Monday in state court in Seattle, doesn't actually name
Target. But Target issued a statement this week saying it took "significant precautions to ensure that any proprietary information remains
confidential," and that it believes the suit has no merit. Neither Amazon nor Valdez responded to a request for comment. CNNMoney (New York) First
published March 23, 2016: 11:32 AM ET Social Surge - What's Trending Gold sinks, indoor basketball court means $50 million in New Jersey Google's new
robot is now even more human New Ford Fusion skips over potholes Search for Jobs Millions of job openings! Find Jobs Accounting Finance Marketing
Engineering Management Sales Developer Media See all jobs Employers / Post a Job jobs by CNNMoney Sponsors NextAdvisor 2 credit cards are offering 0%
interest until December 2017 $200 just for using a credit card? Yep 10 best balance transfer credit cards for 2016 7 credit cards for those with
excellent credit Our highest rated cash back credit cards for consumers GoBankingRates Did You Know: You Can Refinance Your Debt With a Low Interest
Personal Loan? Low Interest Personal Loans for Good Credit. Get Started Now Do you know how your credit score compares? Check it now Personal Loans:
An Option You Don’t Want to Ignore. Pay Down Your Debt, Apply Today Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business
Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center
Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters
Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times
are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved.
Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow
Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones
Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s
Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P
Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2016 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this
service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
