Google Inc. GOOG, -0.18%   got a bit of a bump in recent days on news of a big-time hire, snapping up Morgan Stanley MS, -0.39%  exec Ruth Porat to
make her the tech firm’s new chief financial officer.While musical chairs in the C suite is interesting to Wall Street insiders, particularly given
the number of bankers defecting to technology firms these days, investors in Google stock need to keep perspective; one hire does not make or break a
stock of this scale. Still, since Google is in the news, it’s worth exploring the company’s balance sheet and outlook to get a sense of what’s going
on with this Internet giant.

PlayStation Vue: An Answer to Cable TV Woes?(2:06) Sony’s breakthrough Internet TV service streams a channel lineup that isn’t full of holes. WSJ
Personal Tech columnist Geoffrey A. Fowler gives the latest cable-cutting option a try.

Considering the recent underperformance of Google stock, with shares slightly in the red over the last 12 months versus a 13% gain for the S&P 500
SPX, -0.09%  , you’d think that things are pretty rough in Mountain View. But a closer look at Google seems to indicate that the stock is ready to
bounce back after taking a breather, and that Google is fairly valued while many tech stocks are in bubble territory.

Here are seven reasons why I like Google right now:

Attractive Valuation: As I wrote recently, there is a very real risk of a tech bubble right now amid nosebleed startup valuations and a market that on
the whole is trading for a big premium. But consider that while the Nasdaq 100 NDX, +0.24%   is valued at 19 times forward earnings, Google has a
forward P/E of 17 based on fiscal year 2016 estimates.

Cash King: As of Dec. 31, Google was sitting on $64.4 billion in cash and equivalents and boasted more than $2.8 billion in free cash flow in the
fourth quarter.

Reliable Growth: While revenue growth has slowed lately — which is to be expected for a business with $66 billion in sales annually and a market cap
of about $380 billion — Google is still projected to see 15% revenue growth this year and another 16% in FY2016. According to S&P estimates, earnings
are also growing briskly with earnings per share projected to jump an impressive 40% in FY2015, and another 20% or so in FY2016.

Core Still Strong: Sure, fourth-quarter earnings may give some investors pause as both sales and profits missed expectations. But remember that after
its January report, shares actually rallied despite negative headlines. That’s because, as one analyst said, it was a “high-quality miss” with details
showing a strong core advertising business on its own network of sites and continued acceleration in search performance.

Sure, it would have been nice not to see currency headwinds or weakness on third-party partner sites, but a strong core advertising business is reason
for optimism — and reason to expect strong numbers in April when Google reports again. Remember, Google Network ad revenue accounts for more than
two-thirds of total revenues for the entire company ($45 billion of $66 billion in total revenue last year) — so strength here is by far the most
important thing for investors to watch.

Wall Street Is Bullish: These strong details are why Wall Street analysts were quick to affirm bullish ratings after its January report. Briefing.com
reports four top firms (Barclays, UBS, RBC and FBR Capital) all issuing “buy” ratings on the stock after earnings, with price targets between $620 and
$650.

Even factoring in Google’s 10% gains following its quarterly report in late January, that’s 8% to 14% upside from here. And more recently, at the
beginning of March, UBS actually boosted its target to $670 per share — 17% upside from here.

Innovation and New Products: The new Apple watch was unveiled with much fanfare a few weeks back, but did you know Google is collaborating with TAG
Heuer on a high-tech timepiece of its own? Or that Google Fiber provides high-speed Internet access in 18 cities in an effort to build out a reliable
telecom arm that could, by some estimates, generate “tens of billions a year in revenue”? Or that downloads from the Google Play app store outpaced
Apple App Store downloads by roughly 60% last year thanks to the dominant Android OS?

These are just a few of the irons Google has in the fire right now as it looks to continue its expansion beyond core search and advertising revenue in
the years ahead.

Buyback Hopes: Google has thus far resisted the large-cap tech trend of sating shareholders with juicy dividends. But I have to believe that, within
the next 24 months, Google will initiate a multibillion-dollar stock buyback program. It’s not simply the ever-growing cash stockpile that prompts me
to say this, but also other strong metrics including sales growth and return on equity that would support such a move even in the absence of a giant
bank account.

Furthermore, Google has a tailor-made excuse for a buyback plan from its old pal Apple — the notion of buybacks to prevent dilution through employee
stock options or stock-based acquisitions. Remember, Google’s 2014 stock split was prompted in large part by erosion in insiders’ voting power thanks
to stock-based acquisitions. That hints that this trend will only continue — and a buyback to offset these awards makes a lot of sense.